Yongmingxuan in Youshi Group
When stocks hit their lowest point
Bought all the stocks
Now he is the largest shareholder of Youshi
We're done
Who is the person who manipulated 1314 stocks?
Did you find out?
Also Yongmingxuan
It was An Jinyan who helped him
From start to finish
They don't want to hold 1314.
He wants to trick us into the game
Not only offended the teacher
And took out all our money yeah
Aunt, you killed my parents 22 years ago
Now I want to kill my aunt again
We are related by blood
How can you do it?
Joe? I don't know what you mean.
What does your parents' death have to do with me?
Do you still remember Liu Xinyuan?
He's my dad.
He has told me everything.
Liu Xinyuan is your father, you still don't admit it, do you?